Excellent.
Well finally going to take a deep dive into age the AML component and our first component is gonna be
heading.
Now we obviously have already covered headings because they need to do something with examples.
Pretty much.
I couldn't have them empty.
So you're already a little bit familiar with headings but let me go over the whole spiel again.
Basically headings would be titles so if you think of any kind of document you'll then have a title
and for that we have headings now for the headings.
We have six types starting with having one and ending with adding six and obviously having one would
be the biggest one and heading six would be the smallest.
So let's start with having one again we can use them notoriously and we can have a tab or enter or return.
And then here I am just going to say I am I am heading and we're going to type adding 1.
Now what I'm gonna do right now is I'm just going to copy and paste this line later on I'm gonna show
you some keyboard keep it.
But for now we're all gonna be basically doing this manually like we would do normally on a computer
meaning we'll get to do it with copy and paste later on we're going to look at a keyboard shortcuts
that we're going to improve again our workflow tremendously.
So let me first of all copy this and let's say that the second line and maybe for this one let's make
it as the heading to sort of change these values as well as this guy.
So let me say this.
And sure enough now I have a heading to now maybe in this case I can just copy and paste it again two
of them right away.
And one more time so then I'm gonna have six of them.
So here I would like to change the values.
So this would be heading three and four and five and adding six and the same old spiel over here.
Well obviously not having sex but we'll have having three and four and having sex and again same old
thing like with the rest of the elements and we're gonna have we're gonna have the element that is enclosed
in an angle brackets as well as the closing tag.
So whatever is gonna go inside between these two zags is gonna be my heading.
So obviously if you want to write a paragraph you can write a paragraph in a heading.
Now I don't know any case where you would want to use that obviously title is self-explanatory.
That is the title.
So depending on how long or the titles you write what I guess one word two words or ten words but in
general you'd probably wouldn't want to have a title that is actually a paragraph.
We have specific paragraph tag for it.
Now I digress a little bit.
But let's say first of all this is going to be hitting three and four because I didn't have the numbers
sorry I was cheating a little bit.
So let me say this.
And sure enough as you can see right now we have six headings.
So depending on the situation obviously you would pick a heading that you would like to use for that
particular situation.